Adding new HPC cluster login node (#522)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: uw-research-computing/connecting.md

  | `submit2.chtc.wisc.edu` - typically for accounts created between June 2019 - February 2021 or after July 1, 2022 |

  {:.gtable}
  | HPC Cluster |
  | --- |

>   | `hpclogin3.chtc.wisc.edu` - for accounts created on/after January 19, 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `hpclogin3.chtc.wisc.edu`
```

>   | `hpclogin1.chtc.wisc.edu` and/or `hpclogin2.chtc.wisc.edu` - for accounts created before January 19, 2023 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `hpclogin1.chtc.wisc.edu` and/or `hpclogin2.chtc.wisc.edu` - access the old HPC cluster until February 28, 2023 |
```
